Update Microsoft Azure OAuth guide (#1135)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/saml/azure.mdx

---
title: Use Microsoft Entra ID for SAML SSO

> description: Learn how to integrate Microsoft Azure Entra ID with Clerk using SAML SSO.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to allow users to sign into your Clerk app with their Microsoft account using SAML SSO.
```
